<h2><span style="font-weight: 400;">Group Travel Orlando Airport to Port Canaveral</span></h2>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Movement with a group is usually one to be planned more in terms of transport. Luckily, groups travelling between the Orlando Airport and Port Canaveral Cruise Terminal can have a number of choices. A family reunion or a trip with friends, one of the </span><a href="https://smbtransportation.com/service/cruise-terminal-transportation/"><strong>Cruise Terminal Transportation</strong></a><span style="font-weight: 400;"> services will enable you to travel with more people.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">One of them is to reserve a private shuttle or charter bus. This helps the whole group to move in one direction to the cruise terminal in a comfortable and organized manner. Large groups are especially suited to the use of private shuttle or charter buses that offer more space, seating, and carrying capacity than the available seating on the public transportation.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">In the case of smaller teams, a more flexible experience can be offered by ride-sharing services such as Uber or Lyft. Being able to reserve a number of vehicles, such services will enable your group to travel individually in case it is necessary and still offer convenience and convenience. It should be mentioned though that it might be more difficult to find a sufficient number of cars during the rush hours to fit your whole party.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Furthermore, certain cruise lines provide packages of transportation in groups which are more organized in service between Orlando Airport and Port Canaveral. These types of services are also aimed at groups of people and allow an easy transition between them without the inconvenience of managing a number of cars.</span></p>
<p><span style="font-weight: 400;">Orlando International Airport (MCO) is approximately 45 miles away and the trip usually takes 45 minutes to 1 hour. Parties that will be touring at the high cruise season might be interested in booking their transport early enough to secure a place.</span></p>
<p><strong>Read More:</strong> <a href="https://smbtransportation.com/closest-airport-to-port-canaveral/"><span style="font-weight: 400;">closest airport to port canaveral florida</span></a></p>
